## Bookmarks from LearnCPP.com

0.8 — A few common C++ problems
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/a-few-common-cpp-problems/

1.7 — Keywords and naming identifiers
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/keywords-and-naming-identifiers/

3.10 — Finding issues before they become problems
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/finding-issues-before-they-become-problems/

4.7 — Introduction to scientific notation
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/introduction-to-scientific-notation/

4.11 — Chars
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/chars/

5.2 — Literals
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/literals/

5.4 — The as-if rule and compile-time optimization
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/the-as-if-rule-and-compile-time-optimization/

5.7 — Introduction to std::string
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/introduction-to-stdstring/

5.9 — std::string_view (part 2)
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/stdstring_view-part-2/

6.1 — Operator precedence and associativity
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/operator-precedence-and-associativity/

6.8 — Logical operators
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/logical-operators/

O.1 — Bit flags and bit manipulation via std::bitset
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/bit-flags-and-bit-manipulation-via-stdbitset/

O.3 — Bit manipulation with bitwise operators and bit masks
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/bit-manipulation-with-bitwise-operators-and-bit-masks/

O.4 — Converting integers between binary and decimal representation
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/converting-integers-between-binary-and-decimal-representation/

7.1 — Compound statements (blocks)
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/compound-statements-blocks/

7.5 — Variable shadowing (name hiding)
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/variable-shadowing-name-hiding

7.6 — Internal linkage
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/internal-linkage

Static storage duration
https://en.cppreference.com/w/c/language/static_storage_duration.html

Static Initialization Order Fiasco
https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/siof.html

7.7 — External linkage and variable forward declarations
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/external-linkage-and-variable-forward-declarations/

7.8 — Why (non-const) global variables are evil
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/why-non-const-global-variables-are-evil/

7.9 — Inline functions and variables
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/inline-functions-and-variables/

7.10 — Sharing global constants across multiple files (using inline variables)
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/sharing-global-constants-across-multiple-files-using-inline-variables

7.11 — Static local variables
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/static-local-variables

7.12 — Scope, duration, and linkage summary
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/scope-duration-and-linkage-summary

7.13 — Using declarations and using directives
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/using-declarations-and-using-directives/

How do C++ using-directives work?
https://quuxplusone.github.io/blog/2020/12/21/using-directive/

7.14 — Unnamed and inline namespaces
https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/unnamed-and-inline-namespaces/

DCL59-CPP. Do not define an unnamed namespace in a header file
https://wiki.sei.cmu.edu/confluence/display/cplusplus/DCL59-CPP.+Do+not+define+an+unnamed+namespace+in+a+header+file











